# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

* [`profile_pam_access`](#profile_pam_access): Configure access.conf and pam

## Classes

### <a name="profile_pam_access"></a>`profile_pam_access`

Configure access.conf and pam

#### Examples

##### 

```puppet
include profile_pam_access
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `profile_pam_access` class:

* [`allow_rules`](#allow_rules)
* [`deny_rules`](#deny_rules)
* [`deny_first_rules`](#deny_first_rules)
* [`pam_config`](#pam_config)
* [`required_pkgs`](#required_pkgs)

##### <a name="allow_rules"></a>`allow_rules`

Data type: `Hash`

All the allows to set in access.conf.
These come in the middle of the file.
Format is unique key, value=hash with 2 keys: "origin" and one of "user"
or "group"

##### <a name="deny_rules"></a>`deny_rules`

Data type: `Hash`

All the deny's to set at the END of access.conf.
These come at the end of the file.
Format is (same as allow_rules).

##### <a name="deny_first_rules"></a>`deny_first_rules`

Data type: `Hash`

All the deny's to set at the BEGINNING of access.conf.
These come at the top of the file, before all the allow_rules settings.
This is useful for excluding groups of "disabled" users early in case
some users may still be in an allowed group.
Format is (same as allow_rules).

##### <a name="pam_config"></a>`pam_config`

Data type: `Hash`

Configuration params for "pam" resource (defined by
herculesteam/augeasprovders_pam). Hash is passed directly to
herculesteam/augeasproviders_pam. See also:
https://forge.puppet.com/herculesteam/augeasproviders_pam

##### <a name="required_pkgs"></a>`required_pkgs`

Data type: `Array[ String[1] ]`

Pkg names to be installed by OS pkg manager.
These are OS specific and defaults provided by this moudule
should be sufficient.

